[Music]
still on us these guys are taking this
person you were only supposed to create
a diversion Roman that was complete
destruction what you want from me I'm
Roman Pearce man it's what I do
phase two phase two what's phase two
pounds away Holies
you know what I like about you dumb
you're a genuine outlaw but you were
family the hell of a job brother
when we get back to the base beers on me
he's about to go up against the only
thing they can't handle you did you ever
think you'd betray your family the way
you did today Dominic Toretto
just turned on us well well well do you
look at that I don't know why he's doing
this
well that wasn't dumb she's the very
definition of high-tech terrorism and
now she's working with your guy I think
I found my team this should be
interesting
wanna play like that
ouch this is impossible
which is why they're gonna need a little
help I will beat you like a Cherokee
drum we about to go oh it took longer
than I expected if you're gonna catch
dawn you guys are gonna work together
surprise I just fell in love I've been
waiting for this we got a tank this role
can they come I don't know the old Dom
is in there I don't give a damn I'm
taking you down so right oh let's play
planning shooting up knees I don't know
maybe cuz you're in an orange
Lamborghini jack chance
[Music]
pickles Blasco we are about to go on
life
oh we're gonna need a bigger truck
you
dumb you're gonna turn your back on
family
[Music]